feat(curriculum): add error handling lecture scripts (#61641)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/lecture-understanding-error-handling/688c9c4fe5fef91262f9bdf8.md

Here you can see that `raise ... from None`, suppresses the original exception context:

```bash
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "main.py", line 12, in <module>
    config = parse_config('config.txt')
             ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
  File "main.py", line 7, in parse_config
    raise ValueError('Configuration file is missing') from None
ValueError: Configuration file is missing
```

> And r`aise ... from e`, chains the new exception to the original one, preserving the error trail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And `raise ... from e`, chains the new exception to the original one, preserving the error trail.
```
